Add release note and documentation for OpenTelemetry HTTP export support (#25682)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-475.md

* Fix incorrect results when using window functions with `DISTINCT`. ({issue}`25434`)
* Fix query failures with `EXCEEDED_LOCAL_MEMORY_LIMIT` errors due to incorrect memory accounting. ({issue}`25600`)
* Properly handle inline session properties for `EXPLAIN` queries. ({issue}`25496`)

> * Add support for exporting OpenTelemetry traces using HTTP protocol with the `tracing.exporter.protocol` configuration property (https://github.com/airlift/airlift/pull/1443).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for exporting OpenTelemetry traces using HTTP protocol with the `tracing.exporter.protocol` configuration property ({issue}`1443`).
```

> * Add support for exporting OpenTelemetry traces using HTTP protocol with the `tracing.exporter.protocol` configuration property (https://github.com/airlift/airlift/pull/1443).

Reviewer: Please change the link to airlift bump PR in Trino.

Reviewer 2: Specifically the PR is https://github.com/trinodb/trino/pull/25648 .. please confirm @wendigo and ensure that future airlift upgrade include necessary changes like this.

Reviewer: The right PR number is https://github.com/trinodb/trino/pull/25573

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add support for exporting OpenTelemetry traces using the HTTP protocol with the `tracing.exporter.protocol` configuration property set to `http/protobuf`. ({issue`25648`)
```

Reviewer 2: Also wrap the sentence

Reviewer 2: oh.. thanks @ebyhr  .. adjusting
